hey guys it's me Valerie how are you now
you probably know me from Nathan beauty
show look at me now I've got my own
segment right here I'm going to cab TV
yeah well hope you're all ready for
Christmas darlings with Rudolph oh yeah
and all the days i'm sorry i hope you'll
excuse me I'll get ever so excited about
Christmas it just makes me want to go is
there anyway I'm guessing you guys have
already done your Christmas shopping or
at least started when you bare up
started I got my Gerald one of those
Frankenstein's you know from the
Christmas story he's always wondered
what it looks like I've got feelings
gonna scare him actually yeah
Frankenstein doesn't look fat Christmasy
underway was in the story never mind
anyway as I was saying yeah I hope
you've got your prices started and if
you haven't you bet now this year we're
doing a build up towards Christmas
assault Advent series if you lie and
there I was just too I'm sorry yeah not
really I love it and also guys I hope
you're as excited as me
and don't forget to get yourself a
little present too let's just make sure
that you definitely get something you
want just in case here's your first
stocking filler darlings from everyone
here it going to Kemp TV click on it
then you idiot